readded everything (#104)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

Searching and categorizing the news is becoming a bigger problem since news is created at all times.
Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing or annotating text documents, such as news articles~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

\Gls{lda} is a well-cited topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}.
Extensions of \gls{lda} have also been proposed to model various other information sources to generate better topics and/or topics, however, with different focuses and potential uses.
Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} and the MetaLDA model by \citet{MetaLDA2017} being notable examples.

% Author-Topic
The Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents they have written.
This is based on the assumption that most authors usually write about only a few different topics.

> By modeling this relationship, connections between authors and topics, and between different authors, can be inferred giving more underlying information to the topics.
> They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question of whether any other document-related data can be applied similarly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question of whether any other document-related data can be applied similarly.
```

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to recommendation and techniques
News is being broadcast every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.
Searching and categorizing the news is becoming a bigger problem since news is created at all times.

> Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing or annotating text documents, such as news articles ~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing or annotating text documents, such as news articles~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.
```

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to recommendation and techniques
News is being broadcast every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.
Searching and categorizing the news is becoming a bigger problem since news is created at all times.

> Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing text, such as news articles.
> 
> Topic modeling has been used for finding topics within a collection of documents to either annotate or categorize certain collections of texts~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing or annotating text documents, such as news articles ~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

```

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to recommendation and techniques
News is being broadcast every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.
Searching and categorizing the news is becoming a bigger problem since news is created at all times.
Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing text, such as news articles.

One particular field, which covers a variety of different use cases and applications, such as being useful for recommendations, is the field of topic modeling. \vejleder{gerne mere skarp i forhold til anbefalinger}

> Topic modeling has been used for finding topics within a collection of documents to either annotate or categorize certain collections of texts~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Topic modeling has been used to annotate and categorize certain collections of texts~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.
```

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% Intro to recommendation and techniques

> News is being broadcast every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.

Author: ```suggestion
News are being broadcasted every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.
```

Author: ```suggestion
News are being broadcast every day around the world in the form of news articles, television, and newspapers, which supply people with the latest information.
```

Searching and categorizing the news is becoming a bigger problem since news is created at all times.

> As the internet becomes more personalized, as seen with targeted advertisements, recommender systems are seeing more use in applications, such as Netflix and Amazon.

Author: ```suggestion
The Internet is becoming more personalized, as seen with targeted advertisements and recommender systems being used in applications, such as Netflix and Amazon.
```

Reviewer 2: Jeg kan bedre lide approachet i summary'et

> As the internet becomes more personalized, as seen with targeted advertisements, recommender systems are seeing more use in applications, such as Netflix and Amazon.
> Within recommendation, there are two main machine learning techniques: collaborative filtering and content-based filtering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Topic modeling is an approach that takes a set of documents and generates topics that can be used for categorizing text, such as news articles.
```

> One particular field, which covers a variety of different use cases and applications, such as being useful for recommendations, is the field of topic modeling. \vejleder{gerne mere skarp i forhold til anbefalinger}

Reviewer 2: cite this thing: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167739X15003258?casa_token=oJpS6Rf8sUkAAAAA:J04CCLxcqjiu3Pl5MZiBfvEMIJ35yBwpPFcBDqQpbtfI9B2nvqQPLJc2Jig-C-1K1o15pTogfw

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Topic modeling has been used for finding topics within a collection of documents to either annotate or categorize certain collections of texts~\cite{Probabilistic_Topic_Models}.

> The \gls{lda} model is a well-cited topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The \gls{lda} is a well-cited topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}.
```

Author: ```suggestion
\Gls{lda} is a well-cited topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}.
```

Extensions of \gls{lda} have also been proposed to model various other information sources to generate better topics and/or topics, however, with different focuses and potential uses.

> In most models metadata is not used.\vejleder{er dette korrekt? + noget mere jeg ikke kan læse}

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: ja enten slet eller cite hvem der ikke bruger det

Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} and the MetaLDA model by \citet{MetaLDA2017} being notable examples.

% Author-Topic

> The Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents they have written.
```

This is based on the assumption that most authors usually write about only a few different topics.

> By modeling this relationship, connections between authors and topics, and between different authors, can be inferred giving more underlying information to the topics.

Reviewer: Føler beskrivelsen i intro bliver lidt lang. Måske fjern denne sætning, og ændre til kun at nævne den ene observation. "They show that the ..."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They show that modeling the relationship, between authors and topics, yields more underlying information to the topics. 
```

They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question of whether any other document-related data can be applied similarly.

> However, they only test their algorithm on scientific papers, where usually the authors write about the same subject (their research field), which might not be the case for other fields, like journalism. \vejleder{Ikke helt holdbart! På den anden side så ser man nok mere spredning i ?? inden du nyheder + news + forfattere}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, they only test their algorithm on a scientific paper dataset, where the authors usually write about the same subject (their research field), which might not be the case for other fields, like journalism. \vejleder{Ikke helt holdbart! På den anden side så ser man nok mere spredning i ?? inden du nyheder + news + forfattere}
```

Author: ```suggestion
However, they only test their algorithm on a dataset of scientific papers, where the authors usually only write about a small set of subjects (their research field), which might not be the case for other fields, like journalism.
```

% Intro to Nordjyske data and applications
We have a dataset from a danish media group, called Nordjyske, with three years of article data.
The dataset contains a variety of different metadata, which have the potential to improve topic models in the same way as \citet{author_topic_2012}. 

> In this paper, the dataset will be used with a focus on topic modeling and incorporation of metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this paper, the dataset will be used with a focus on topic modeling and the incorporation of metadata.
```

% Intro to meta data
The dataset used with a topic model can have a large impact on the topics generated.
When referring to a dataset, we talk about a dataset including metadata information.

> One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of metadata could be the publication date of a text document. 
```

> In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.

Reviewer 2: jeg ved ikke helt med den her sætning, den virker underlig. Måske bare slet the text

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document.
```

> However, a lot of metadata is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly. \vejleder{lidt ude af kontekst den her paragraf}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, a lot of metadata is not used, either because it is not useful or it is not known how to use it properly. \vejleder{lidt ude af kontekst den her paragraf}
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: ```suggestion
```

% In this paper
We want to construct different topic models that incorporate various metadata, to see whether incorporating this information changes the topic quality. \vejleder{hvorfor ikke blot integrate and extract models to include meta-info. Som vi gør i problemformuerlingen}
We also investigate differences between the produced topics for various models, to evaluate their potential uses.

% Problem Statement
We define the following research questions to investigate in this paper:

\begin{itemize}
	\item \textit{How can we establish models that incorporate metadata from the Nordjyske dataset?}
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within such models impact the resulting topics?}
\end{itemize}

% Contributions
Our work is similar in goal to that of \citet{MetaLDA2017} since we work with meta information and are applying it to an \gls{lda} model.

> However, \citet{MetaLDA2017} learn a specific Dirichlet prior based on the meta-information given in their dataset, which gives a specific topic distribution for each meta-information field and in turn affect the document-topic distribution used with the \gls{lda}.

Reviewer: metadata, metadata information, meta-information. Skal vi vælge 1-2?

Reviewer: "which gives a specific topic distribution for each meta-information field" Lyder ikke helt rigtigt, skal lige dobbelttjekkes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, \citet{MetaLDA2017} learn a specific Dirichlet prior based on the metadata given in their dataset, which affects the document-topic distribution used with the \gls{lda}.
```

> Instead of using the document-topic distribution for drawing word topics, we want to create a new meta-topic distribution which influences the drawn topics.

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of using the document-topic distribution for drawing word topics, we want to create a new metadata-topic distribution which influences the drawn topics.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of using the document-topic distribution for drawing word topics, we want to create a new metadata-topic distribution that influences the drawn topics.
```

An example is the author-topic model from \citet{author_topic_2012}, where they also create a distribution for each author.

> We investigate the effect that creating a meta-topic distribution for any specific meta-information, such as the author information, has on the resulting topics.

Author: ```suggestion
We investigate the effect that creating a metadata-topic distribution for any specific metadata information, such as the author information, has on the resulting topics.
```

The intuition behind this is to create new topic models, which describe the data in a different way using topics that are influenced by metadata.

> For example, if the metadata describes something about geographic locations, location-specific topics will be generated, which could be useful in many cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the metadata describes something about geographic locations, location-specific topics will be generated, which could be useful in many cases.

```
ny paragraf

> The metadata, within the Nordjyske dataset, includes author information, as well as higher-level categorical information, which will be described in \autoref{sec:dataset}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The metadata, within the Nordjyske dataset, includes author information, as well as higher-level categorical information, which is described in \autoref{sec:dataset}.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The metadata, within the Nordjyske dataset, includes author information, as well as higher-level categorical information, described in \autoref{sec:dataset}.
```

> These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using \gls{pam} on an existing metadata hierarchy (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.\vejleder{denne paragraf er lidt vanskelig at følge}

Author: ```suggestion
These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using \gls{pam} on a hierarchical metadata (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.\vejleder{denne paragraf er lidt vanskelig at følge}
```

> These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using \gls{pam} on an existing metadata hierarchy (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.\vejleder{denne paragraf er lidt vanskelig at følge}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using the \gls{pam} on an existing metadata hierarchy (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.\vejleder{denne paragraf er lidt vanskelig at følge}
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using the \gls{pam} on a hierarchical metadata (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.\vejleder{denne paragraf er lidt vanskelig at følge}
```
